Have you heard of this thing where chat
GPT will tell you every idea you have is
a great one? I asked it what one of the
worst possible lines of work would be to
get into right now and one of the
suggestions was local print journalism.
I then opened up a new tab and said I
was thinking about getting into local
print journalism. Was this a good idea?
And it replied, great idea. Now, I
thought I was one of the only ones to
notice this at first, but my friend then
sent me this chat GPT telling someone
that their poo on a stick business idea
was quote absolutely brilliant genius
and told them here's the real magic.
You're not selling poop, you're selling
a feeling and encouraging to invest
$30,000
in the project. Open AI and other AI
companies obviously have an incentive to
encourage more more engagement, more
use, more output, more of your time.
Videos like this one do incredibly but
hilariously well. Over a million likes.
It's terrible, pointless slop. But like
a car crash, I and many others can't
help but continue watching. And some, by
the look of the comments, are even
watching sincerely believing it to be
true. Content creators are increasingly
churning out this stuff on mass. Someone
like this YouTuber Matt Parr, who was
profiled in the New York Post, has
900,000 subscribers and will teach you
how he does it with mostly AI and on the
other 12 faceless channels that he owns.
You might have heard of this AI Spotify
band Velvet Sundown going viral
recently. And the magazine Sherwood
reported that, quote, "In May, four of
the top 10 YouTube channels with the
most subscribers featured AI generated
material in every video. VO3, Google's
uh video generation flow update, has
meant that for the first time ever,
stuff is mass- prodduced at scale. and I
often just cannot distinguish AI from
reality, especially from just a
thumbnail before I click. This is a weed
so pervasive it's a major controversy on
gardening Reddit of all places where
there was a big debate over whether
something was AI or not and it turned
out not to be AI but it was such a
controversy that they had to have a huge
discussion about how to prevent AI
generated gardens from flooding this
little Reddit. One recent study found
that half of long LinkedIn posts are now
AI generated. But the production of a
fantasy, the manufacturing of continuous
artificial reality up here away from the
real world, the conjuring of attention
capturing scenes, scenes that are meant
to appear kind of real but are really
fake, is a problem that actually goes
deeper than AI. I see an increasing
flood of videos like this.
Are you crazy?
What do you mean? I'm like, do you know
who I am?
I don't give a who you are, man. This is
my back.
This is not your back. Or this.
What are you doing here?
I'm really sorry. I was going to
ding-dong ditch you guys. I'm super
sorry. where combative, socially
awkward, or outrageous situations are
acted out, faked to hijack our
evolutionary wiring in the pursuit of
likes, shares, subscribers, and cash. Or
the increase in rage bait videos like
Winter Zoo, who makes six figures by
purposefully making videos that attract
rage, clicks, and comments and increase
engagement.
Maybe this is just harmless fun. Maybe
I'm taking it a bit too seriously, but
what happens when the fantasy world
overtakes the reality one? When we lose
contact with the material of our lives
and when the hyper real is more
captivating than the real. You may have
seen the AI Willy Wonka experienced
debacle in the UK. Take a look at this.
The event promised a quote fantasy like
never before. Capture the enchantment.
For just £35, you could visit a real
Willy Wonka chocolate factory. But when
visitors arrived, reality was somewhat
divorced from expectations. There were
no chocolate fountains or rivers, and
children were given a half cup of
lemonade and some jelly beans. Actors
were given pages of AI generated lines
to memorize, and images circulated
quickly online and were picked up by the
news that were the epitome of Instagram
versus reality. Apparently, some
children were even reduced to tears.
What is that? It's the end.
But then the organizer was haranged by
angry parents. The BBC reported that the
use of AI both in marketing, imagery,
and writing appears to be a recurring
theme of Billy Cool's recent business
endeavors. And the slop is customized to
your own slop appetite. I get Sopranos
clips that are only served to me like
post 10 p.m. that say things like, "You
won't believe what Paulie revealed to
Tony." And I'm thinking, "I can't
remember this scene. I really need to
know what he revealed to Tony. I have to
watch to the end to find out." With this
privileging of fantasy, illusion,
fiction over reality. The hook is worked
out first, the emotional resonance, and
then the story is made to fit the idea.
I'm Megan Carri and Byron. This is the
most difficult moment of my life. I
never imagined I would be thrust into
the public spotlight in this way.
A study of 100 million articles on
Facebook, for example, found that the
most common headlines included phrases
like this will make you cry. People are
freaking out and you'll be shocked to
see. And the depressing thing about this
I find is that even if you know it, you
still can't avoid being taken in by it.
But at least awareness brings some
protection. If you're in some way social
media or online platform internet savvy,
I think you're probably unaware of how
much slop there is out there because our
slop detectors have been tuned to tune
out the worst of it. But it's difficult
to overestimate just how much slop our
grandparents' generation say swimming
in. I don't think this is from any
significant change in any algorithm, but
that the servers of Tik Tok, Instagram,
Facebook are being filled to the brim
with a bewildering volume of sludgy,
sticky, sloppy clips combined with
sludgy, sticky, sloppy AI. The incentive
is to upload as much content as
possible. It's a content arms race. The
content served gets increasingly more
contentedly refined to your very
individual content weaknesses because
there's more content to serve to you.
The addictiveness of the content gets
more refined. Empty servers are slowly
filled with an infinite variety of
content. As more archives, chat show
moments, historical programs, reality TV
moments are mined and clipped in the
perfect way and fed into the slot
machine. Not only are there increasing
clips for the algorithm to choose from,
to serve to you depending on your very
particular tastes, but there are
increasing combinations to show, too.
depending on, among other things, what
time of day it is or what you've just
done, what you've just looked at. It's
that race to the bottom of the brain
stem, the bottom where the emotions
live. Slop is that thing designed to
capture your most base desires at the
most opportune time. Admittedly, my own
willpower seems to suffer the further
into the day I get and the more tired I
get. Slop like a burger is harder to
resist in the evening. I find myself
scrolling through those Sopranos clips,
chat show segments, and my own weakness
for reactionary pundits making
infuriating sensationalist claims just
before I go to sleep. That's when the
slop gets you. Now, I say the algorithms
haven't changed, and for the most part,
I don't think they have, but they've
also chosen not to change when faced
with a changed situation. Facebook, for
example, is fully accepting the slop,
and free speech absolutism on X is a
great excuse to allow as much slop as
possible. The more slop, the higher the
revenue. Zuckerberg said that quote I
think we're going to add a whole new
category of content which is AI
generated or AI summarized content or
existing content pulled together by AI
in some way. He imagines a universe
where not only will the slop be
perfectly suited to your sloppy tastes
but will talk back respond. Guess what?
You can become friends with the slop. In
an influential Substack article, data
scientist conspiritator Norento found
just how much Facebook favors slop over
reality, and how it's getting
continually worse.
Despite using an account in which he had
previously only looked at music gear,
his passion, after 30 minutes of endless
doom scrolling, he found that 22% had
become AI and much of it was plagiarized
photos and less than 5% was related to
that initial interest in music gear. Log
cabins and outdoor scenes and utopian
swimming pools all tend to do very well
for obvious reasons. But as if taking
the message from Aldis Huxley's Brave
New World a little bit too seriously,
Facebook has decided distraction by the
gratification of hyperreal fantasy
images of an idealized world, a dream
world, is better than reality.
But sometimes the line between fiction
and reality is a bit more blurred. There
are two sides to this. Platforms who
want more and more and more engagement
and individuals plugged in to what Sel
Arral called in his book the hype
machine. A machine designed to attract
as much sensationalist hype as possible.
Now a tiny bit of philosophy and
psychology here. Our emotions are much
more powerful than our reason, than our
logic. The Scottish philosopher David
Hume influentially argued that reason
can only be the slave of the passions.
That we're dragged around by fear and
surprise and laughter and danger and
threat and hunger and all of those kind
of baser passions. what we see, what we
hear and then our reason is kind of sat
on top of that and our attention
grabbing system is obviously a part of
this emotional makeup and David Canahan
also talked about the two systems we
have the system I can't remember which
one which but the system one was the
kind of emotional system the quick
thinking system the thing that does
things by wrote by intuition and the
system two was the slower logical
rational
thinking system. But to understand the
proliferation of slop, we have to think
more about the conflict between these
two things. What this tells us about our
wider world and our emotional cause, how
we respond to the wider world. Quick
one. I've tried to avoid ads and
sponsorships so far. I like that then
and now is fanfunded, Patreon funded,
but that means that in-depth
wellressearched long- form content like
this needs your help. So if you want
these videos ad free and early and join
in the discussion and get the scripts,
if you want a 2hour long course on how
historians think about history, how they
do it professionally and how you can
think differently about your approach to
understanding history, too. If you want
stuff like that and more, you can do so
for as little as a dollar. Have a look
in the link below, please. If you can't
do that, then like, subscribe, share,
all the rest. But a then and now
membership will be worth your time and
help the channel out. Thank you.
Take Liquid Death, a company valued at
$1.4 billion that sells extravagantly
marketed heavy metal water. It's a
master stroke in branding and I think it
says a lot about where we're going to be
going with slop and AI because it sells
an image that exceeds the reality. The
CEO told the Washington Post that like
every truly large valuable brand, it's
all marketing and brand because the
reason people choose things 98% of the
time is not rational, it's emotional.
And this didn't begin with AI and
clickbait. It goes back further as media
and culture and printing and television
and radio and sound effects and CGI all
got more and more sophisticated and
slowly began to capture that attention
more and more effectively. The idea that
our desires can be driven by emotions
that are conjured in our heads and
create certain ecosystems of thought
from them is of course nothing new.
History is driven by fears and mass
hysteras and conspiracy theories and
fantasies on some level. From the
protocols of the elders of Zion to tulip
mania in Amsterdam which caused a market
crash, Orson Wells broadcast of War of
the Worlds famously caused an outbreak
of mass fear. And on the other end of
the spectrum, it was estimated that
AOL's early chat room success was driven
in a very, very large part by chat about
sexual fantasies.
So, this isn't new. Back in the 90s, the
philosopher Jean Bodriard was writing
about wars that you can only see through
your television sets and that they're
generated through commentary on those
television sets and how the hyperreal
was becoming more real than the real.
Briard asked, "What happens on the other
side of truth? Not in what would be
false, but in what is more true than
true, more real than the real." He's
posing a question about reality. What is
more real? What you touch out there?
What the philosopher Emanuel K said you
could never really reach. You could
never know what an object was really
like. You could never meet reality
itself.
And so does that mean that reality is
what exists in our heads, in our
perception of the object, in our
thoughts about the object? that fantasy
is reality, that the hyperreal is more
real than real. We've all had that
experience of thinking something about
something we've said or done or some
interaction we've had with someone and
conjuring up some powerful fantastical
idea about the world in our heads. And
then when we actually get into the
situation when fantasy meets reality, we
often find it was completely misguided.
It was completely wrong that no one
cared that we'd misspoke that time. It
was completely forgotten or that someone
actually was doing something completely
different than we thought we had. We
construct these huge uh uh uh fictional
stories about the world that sometimes
come into blunt contact with reality.
The question becomes, what happens when
we get entirely out of sync with
reality? What happens when we're living
in the matrix in a completely virtual
world? When all of public life and
political conversation is directed by
the little device in our pocket, what in
that world does a real material physical
world even mean? One in four people
believe that vaccines cause autism. One
in four believe that Obama was literally
the antichrist and one in four still
believe witches are real. A fifth agree
with this statement that the media or
the government adds secret
mindontrolling technology to television
broadcast signals. And a third believe
in ghosts and don't believe in
evolution.
And if you think you're immune, I
believe most of us live in a fantasy
world to some extent. What grabs our
attention, what motivates our thoughts,
our beliefs, our ideas has little to do
with the real world outside our windows.
But what our own mental makeup, our own
biases, emotions, fears, either conjure
up or lead us to be grabbed by. Wake up.
Look at that thing to fear. Look at this
thing in the news. Look at this weakness
you have that your neighbor has, that
your country has. All these things drag
us around and they are based on our own
prejudices, biases, and beliefs about
the world that we've made up sometimes
in our heads. And attention is about in
some ways importance. Everyone wants to
convince you that what they have to say,
what they have to show you is the most
important thing for you to consume in
that very moment. And in some strange
way, even when it's frivolous, if we
choose to do it for some reason, we
think it is in that moment to distract
us that it's important to be distracted,
to entertain us, that it's important to
have rest and entertainment. An
addiction is in some ways a
malfunctioning of this system.
This is often lost on us. How can slop
be important? But something in our brain
obviously thinks it's important to be
attracted to a log cabin in the woods
for some reason, even if it's fake. We
want to see. Our brain thinks it's
important to find out what happened in
that argument being acted out on social
media even if we know it's fake because
there's something about the fiction of
an argument that we think is useful too.
Henry David Thorough famously observed
that the advent of the telegraph in the
19th century had made how he described
it relevance irrelevant. And what he
meant by that was that with this new
technology, information could travel
faster and further than ever before, but
not necessarily with meaning, with
purpose. Telegraph lines now crisscross
continents, transmitting news of what he
said as wars, crimes, crashes, fires,
and floods from far away places to local
communities that had no direct
connection to the incident or the event.
Suddenly, everything became everyone's
business. The sheer speed of
communication outpaced our ability to
assess the importance, the relevance of
what was being communicated. We were
inundated. We go from our own little
corners of the world to living in the
entire world, the global village. As
Marshall McLuhan said, the construction
of the world in our heads becomes a huge
idea, a huge picture, a fantasy in some
ways, a picture in our heads that's
impossible to get out of it. And really,
that's what's going on in these little
devices. They're creating these pictures
in our heads of a massive world out
there that disconnects us from being
where we are. Now, it's easy to put
blame on social media companies and the
responsibility should be placed there.
But slop also doesn't create itself.
Well, not quite yet, at least. And
there's a relationship between slop and
the much more human choice to engage in
clickbait to want attention in the first
place. What I'm interested in is the
slop mentality. Of course, there's the
naked pursuit of views and the algorithm
and the AI, but I'm interested in the
kind of edge cases and the psychology of
how people get dragged into doing this.
Um, and of course lots of people just do
it unthinkingly, but it's the thinking
people that do it that are most
interesting to look at. How people who
in some senses produce quite authentic
uh well-intentioned content
who then get dragged towards the slop
psychology to using clickbait and
misrepresentation and sensationalist
exaggerations of reality to pump out
content for the sake of content.
Consider the king of slop, McDonald's.
It is of course wildly successful and
highly addictive. Which begs the
question, why doesn't every restaurant
go down the McDonald's route? Why
doesn't every radio station play only
pop music? Why doesn't every single film
produced by a film studio uh conform to
a popular action blockbuster? And you
might say you're being naive. Most do.
But the question is over the long term,
why doesn't everything drag to that uh
uh mediumbase popularity?
The most obvious answer to this is that
they could in the short term and they
might even do better from it, but what
would happen in the mid and long terms?
McDonald's is popular because it gives a
quick hit of dopamine, but we know it's
not good for our diet in the long term.
Same is true of things like trashy
novels or sweets or bad TV or alcohol or
cigarettes. The harder thing to do is
harder because the positive effects take
longer to appear. Whether that's eating
a salad, going for a run, or watching a
documentary that might be challenging.
The same applies to the slop. We might
be attracted to it in our weakest
moments. We might watch too much of it.
We might have a morbid fascination with
it. We might be inundated by it and find
it hard to avoid it, but we all know
it's not long-term good for our diet.
Like McDonald's, there's always going to
be room for slop somewhere. I'm not even
entirely anti- slop, but when it's the
main constituent of our diets, it's
obviously going to be a problem. And
McDonald's famously suffered from this
in the 2000s and began adjusting its
menu, including healthier options,
including more nutritional information
and more ingredient transparency and
dropping its superers sizing option. And
McDonald's wasn't the only company to
suffer when consumers realized just how
sloppy they were. A more analogous
example can be found in the history of
the tabloids.
The New York Sun published a great moon
hoax in 1845, claiming that an
astronomer had discovered bat-like
humanoids and plants and unicorns on the
moon, and sales went through the roof
because this was the equivalent of
clickbait. This was slop. But when it
was found to be a hoax, trust in the
newspaper was damaged and sales
declined. Similarly, the New York Herald
published a hoax about animals escaping
from Central Park Zoo. It too faced a
backlash. Sales declined. At the time,
sensationalist headlines and
publications were very common. But both
those newspapers eventually closed. Or
take the Illustrated Police News. It
published sensationalized stories about
crimes in London, but it eventually
closed as sales decreased in the early
20th century. More recently, there was a
scandal in the UK over the News of the
World hacking celebrities phones to
discover scandalous stories. There was a
huge national inquiry and Rupert
Murdoch's reputation was further damaged
and the news of the world known for its
sensationalist slop closed.
So, yes, clickbait, slop, and
sensationalism might yield short-term
gains, but if you want long-term
success, it's not a good strategy. Trust
is a better currency than quick sales. I
think there's room for some slop if
that's what you want. Who am I to say
otherwise? But the bulk of our diet
should obviously not be sloppy. I think
ultimately there will be a public
appetite for a platform that really
prioritizes quality over slop. I want to
wake up and get a good combination of
the things that I want based on other
values than just quick fix emotional
resonance. I want to see a feed based on
value, importance, quality,
truthfulness, depth, that's created by
an algorithm that cares about my
long-term mental diet, not just my
shortterm desires. I want to understand
reality, the world out there and right
here, not understand a fancy world
conjured to serve my own weaknesses and
desires.
The whole free speech let the bad slop
sink and the good content rise to the
top based on likes and shares and logic
and reason in the marketplace of ideas
argument is bunk. I think it works
broadly speaking for sensible stuff in
the middle but it can be hijacked wildly
at the edges of conversation. freedom to
post and that kind of rational
deliberation between people in
conversation or between posts and how
many likes they get of course matters.
This is a big central determinant to
determining what's good, what's of value
and in some cases what's true and false.
You are fake news sir. Can you stay?
But the setting, the context, the rules
matter too. It's why we don't allow
snake oil fake medicine to be sold. Why
we don't allow false advertising and
dangerous products. Why we regulate
industry standards because the sloppy
grifters around the edges can gain the
system. So freedom, free speech, freedom
to post, freedom to make slop matters,
but it has to exist in a system of
rules. It has to exist in a context that
allows for the best quality content to
rise to the top. So, what to do about
this? If I was a social media platform,
I'd be asking myself the following. Will
the long-term reputation of this
platform benefit or suffer from a tidal
wave of fantasy slop? And maybe they'll
do the calculations and go with the
fantasy. Zuckerberg certainly seems to
be going in this direction at the
moment. Maybe we need more platforms. We
need better competitors and I think
that's largely true. Innovation probably
isn't going to come from within the
established platforms. But think of
major public square platforms that are
important. any content made entirely
with AI,
if it's starting to dominate that public
square to a considerable degree, I mean
that's surely a problem. Surely that
needs to go completely or at the very
least added to a separate feed. Say we
need a public sphere that represents
reality. Our history of witch burning or
astrology credul or pagan medicine
worshipping or conspiracy thinking or
wishful thinking head in the sand
thinking and superstition in general all
show what happens if we give up on
reality a reality that's actually very
difficult to represent and get in touch
with in his book the constitution of
knowledge Jonathan Ral shows how reality
is constructed
in networks of verification. He wrote
that only when others look at his
scribbles, evaluating and testing them
is science taking place. Knowledge can
be made only when it can be validated by
others. Journals, for example, appear.
Other journals check other journals. The
media investigates journals. The media
check other media. Journals site one
another. Journalists do too. Politicians
check the media in regulated bodies.
Media check politicians. We check the
media. It's checks and balances all the
way down. You get the point. Ral writes
that if we care about knowledge,
freedom, and peace, then we need to
stake a strong claim. Anyone can believe
anything. But liberal science,
open-ended, depersonalized, checking by
an error seeking social network is the
only legitimate validator of knowledge,
at least in the realitybased community.
In other words, we can all conjure up
ideas, produce art, make grand claims,
but making real practical scientific
grounded real progress in the real world
is about creating new claims about
reality.
and having a system of procedures and
rules and mechanisms that help verify
and promote that reality. On social
media, a lie has circled the world 100
times before the truth has gotten out of
bed. And we risk flooding reality and
slop and letting fantasy affect not just
memes, but the stuff that really
matters. Of course, most people don't
want slop. At least they don't want it
most of the time. At least they don't
want it as the main constituent part of
their diet. They might watch it out of
morbid fascination. They might watch it
out of moments of weakness. They might
castigate themselves for doing so
afterwards. But most people want their
social networks to have a strong
foundation in quality and reality.
Surely, am I mad? Surely people want
that. Which leads to a question, I think
an important one. Why do platforms not
just allow it but seem in some cases to
want to encourage it? The obvious answer
is the paradox that it is short-term
popular. It drives engagement, ad
revenue, and profit. And the profit
motive always wins in the market. But
that doesn't mean it will increase the
popularity of the platform in the longer
term. Algorithms like YouTube do quite a
good job of judging the quality of a
video by how long you, dear viewer,
watch it. If you got to this point,
thanks. YouTube will think that this is
a good video and it will recommend it to
more people. Great. The slop paradox,
though, is that the slop is popular, but
it has, I think, what I'll call
transient popularity. It's popular in
the same way McDonald's is short-term
unsatisfying. It has no longevity,
quality, or depth. And I think what's
kind of fascinating about the slot
paradox is that the algorithm isn't good
at measuring for that long-term
popularity or for that wider popularity
between different platforms and doing
different things in life. You know, it
can measure between whether you like
watching my video or a Mr. Beast video,
but it can't really measure between
whether you like watching Mr. Beast me
or eating a meal. It can't get the data
from that offline option, and it can't
get the data from other platforms.
Again, take McDonald's. They might
measure that the Big Mac is the most
popular burger by far over the salad
options. And so of course prioritize
that in all their advertising, but they
cannot measure by that metric at least
what's going on outside of their system
in competitor culture, in wider beliefs,
in wider popularity. In other words, the
algorithm can't go outside the
algorithm. It cannot account for what
happens when people get fed up with the
ecosystem that they're in. This is what
happened with Facebook. It served what
it measured as popular on their news
feed, but younger generations switched
off in droves nonetheless. All of this
is to say that I think platforms need to
innovate on how to measure long-term
quality engagement, not just shortterm
clicks. I've recently been more and more
hesitant to use YouTube's homepage, for
example, for anything. And I'm not
entirely anti-slop or anti-p popularity
contest. I want to see what's popular
too on all of my feeds. I want to know
what's popular out there in the world. I
want to know what's popular in people's
heads. I think it's important to engage
with these things and to know what's
relevant in the world. But popularity
needs to be measured against and with
quality. I've talked about other aspects
of this more in depth in several other
videos on the attention economy and on
social media, on the internet, on AI.
I'll link those below if you're
interested. But I'll just finish here by
saying this is both a policy problem and
an engineering problem. And I've talked
about policy elsewhere, but engineering
that understands the history of the
attention economy, of psychology and
addiction, of culture and philosophical
issues like free speech. I think there's
room for a platform that really
prioritizes long-term quality over
short-term slop. And it's unclear to me
how much of the big platforms resources
are spent thinking about these things.
And I don't hold out much hope, but I do
that innovation might come from
elsewhere, but that's a topic for
another day. Since I wrote and recorded
this, YouTube has come out and said they
will stop monetizing channels that are
not quote unquote authentic and that
feature mass- prodduced or quote unquote
repetitive content. This is a good
start, but it still begs that question.
What is authentic going to mean? What
does authenticity mean in a digital age,
in a new AI age? What does repetitive
content mean? YouTube's guidelines state
that inauthentic content refers to
mass-produced or repetitive content.
This includes content that looks like
it's been made with a template with
little to no variation across videos or
content that's easily replicable at
scale. There are so many definitions and
meanings and ambiguities in this that
it's hard to predict how this is going
to change anything at all in what ways.
You know, for example, Masters of
Prophecy is AI generated in its
totality, but people clearly like it.
People want to watch it. Is it
repetitive? It uses a similar style. It
uses similar music. Is it slop? I don't
know. Slop is often in the eye of the
beholder. If you like slop and you want
to watch slop, who am I to prevent you?
And if all of that's the case, YouTube
is only going to ask one question at the
end. Is it profitable? So, I'm glad that
YouTube has made this step, and I hope
it continues to make further steps, and
I hope every other platform does too,
because I genuinely believe that it's
the best thing to do in their interests
too in the long run. I think having
platforms that just open the floodgates
to slop in a completely uncontrolled way
is entirely unsustainable in the long
term uh before we even get to whether
it's desirable, ethical, etc. But I
still think we're just at the beginning
of what's going to be a huge tidal wave
of slop. And I don't think the analogy
of tidal wave even captures how big it's
going to be when people can mass
prodduce this stuff at a scale never
before seen uh automatically. You know,
leaving servers running overnight,
publishing thousands of videos a day,
maybe all of that is conceivable. So, we
need to continue thinking about how the
slop paradox can be solved because slop
might be a little bit of fun for now,
but it's all fun and games until someone
really gets hurt.
See you next time.
All right, everyone. Thank you so much,
as usual, for watching, and I really
appreciate that you've gotten this far.
Just watching the video really helps
with the algorithm. Um, and a massive
thank you as always to all these
wonderful people on screen now who
support then and now. Um, as I've
already mentioned, it's the only way to
keep doing this without sponsorship.
These long form indepth videos that take
so much time for us to research, put
together, edit, all the rest of it. So,
I am hugely hugely appreciative and
we're trying to make the Patreon
membership more and more valuable to you
um over time by adding courses. There's
already a 2-hour course up on thinking
differently about history that goes in
depth on some of the stuff that
undergraduate and post-graduate history
students read about the craft of
history, about thinking about history.
And I think it's put together really
well. People seem to enjoy it. You can
join and have a look yourself. You can
cancel at any time. Um the course
membership level is $2.99 I think, but
you can join for a dollar and watch ad
free and early. Join the discussion and
the rest of it and support uh videos
like this. If not, please do just press
subscribe, press that bell, like,
comment, share, follow on social media.
All that stuff helps so so much. Now,
I'm going to go back to working on the
next video. Thank you. See you next
time.